Boss, are there any tools here to remove souls?
What is it, of course?
Maybe your mind will tell you how this small place can eliminate the gas of objects.
You still use this amulet I'm giving you.
Don't underestimate this.
I learned this from a master.
It took me three months to learn it.
You, bringing him with you every night will definitely protect you from getting deadly gas into your body.
Thank you.
I'll always carry him.
It's all what friends say, thank you.
Things that are not trendy also deserve this ax.
Say what?
This amulet does not use Zhu Sa talisman paper.
It's just yellow paper.
Two more ghost drawings
Hmm, and the first bag here must be a human figure.
Write or not write.
Don't pretend to understand.
Haha ha, this amulet uses the method of blood trauma.
It is possible to ensure that the wearer is not attacked by lethal gas.
But if you use it, it is not the evil of a noble Dharma person.
That's the evil of the devil's creator.
You're talking nonsense.
I warn you not to talk nonsense.
Let's go if you don't believe me.
Too bad stuff.
Minh Chau allies
Who knows Phoenix?
It's a pity.